I have a small Japanese pickup truck
there's something charming about them
tuff came home and well made this one's
from Toyota
it's a tacoma 4x4 TRD sport it's a
machine designed to give owners the
utility of a small pickup access to
remote locations and a stylish
street-smart presence while on the road
more travel this is a sharp-looking rig
the tuner style LED tail lamps Tulln
hulky stands fog lamps and graphic
package turn heads and command respect
hood scoop looks pretty cool too even if
it doesn't really do anything
plenty of folks stare at this machine
especially very young ones maybe that's
because it looks somewhat like a great
big talk a truck the tester came with
the automatic transmission air
conditioning cruise control a six CD
audio system and a four or five seat
configuration that toyota calls double
cab the interior feels solid tight and
well put together even if the material
selection isn't anything exceptional
there's plenty of flexible storage and
moderate an upbeat atmosphere and easy
access to all the controls and dials
there's a bit of a hop required to get
onboard but a great view of the road
ahead follows the rear seating allows
owners to set up a tacoma's cabin for
Jessica any job or store a full kit of
tow ropes on a come along in case they
wind up stuck hopefully we won't need
that today other interesting features
include this hidden backup camera in the
rear view mirror that helps avoid
parking mishaps which you'll need
because the Tacoma has a giant turning
circle there's a power outlet built into
the bed too which itself has several
compartments and tie-downs our word
visibility is very good the ride is a
touch stiff but largely comfortable and
the driving dynamics are above average
notably sporty-er the steering handling
and braking feel that work here Tacoma
never feels like a great big tub of lard
plodding along a trail power came from
Toyota's 4 liter v6 engine with 236
horsepower at 266 pounds of torque off
the line pulling power is impressive and
the engine is connected to a shift on
the fly four-wheel drive system there's
a smaller four-cylinder engine and a
five or six speed manual transmission
available too with stability control
plenty of ground clearance that improve
an off-road track record you'll be able
to confidently tackle pretty much any
trail you'd subject your own pickup
truck to note that for more challenging
situations you'll probably want to
upgrade the factory
mainly it's a well-set-up machine
downsides well some of the basic
features and accessories like cruise
control in a remote are optional and
bundled into somewhat pricey packages
some of the interior trim scratches
easily to a lot of people think that the
comb has got a great-looking stance and
it turns out that that's no empty threat
it's very nimble and agile and sporty
even as far as pickup trucks concern but
it's got this rough and duty rugged sort
of feeling going on too it's really a
lot of fun to drive
[Music]